update super command docs in mdbook for zuma (#6582)
brimdata/zed: book/src/command/output.md

# Output

Many commands produce output and output is always super-structured
and can be serialized into a number of [supported formats](formats.md).
The super-structured formats are generally
preferred because they retain the full richness of the super-structured
data model.

Output is written to standard output by default or, if `-o` is specified,
to the indicated file or directory.

When writing to stdout and stdout is a terminal, the default
output format is [SUP](../formats/sup.md).

> Otherwise, the default format is [CSUP](../formats/csup.md).

Author: changed it back and added a note

These defaults may be overridden with `-f`, `-s`, or `-S`.

Since SUP is a common format choice for interactive use,
the `-s` flag is shorthand for `-f sup`.
Also, `-S` is a shortcut for `-f sup` with `-pretty 2` as
[described below](#pretty-printing).

And since plain JSON is another common format choice, the `-j` flag
is a shortcut for `-f json` and `-J` is a shortcut for pretty-printing JSON.

>[!NOTE]
> Having the default output format dependent on the terminal status
> causes an occasional surprise
> (e.g., forgetting `-f` or `-s` in a scripted test that works fine on the
> command line but fails in CI), this avoids problematic performance where a

> > data pipeline deployed to product accidentally uses SUP instead of CSUP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> command line but fails in CI). However, this avoids problematic performance where a
> data pipeline deployed to production accidentally uses SUP instead of CSUP.
```

> Since `super` gracefully handles any input, this would be hard to detect.
> Alternatively, making CSUP always be default would cause much annoyance when
> binary data is written to the terminal.

If no query is specified with `-c`, the inputs are scanned without modification
and output in the specified format
providing a convenient means to convert files from one format to another, e.g.,
```

> super -f arrows -o  out.arrows file1.json file2.parquet file3.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
super -f arrows -o out.arrows file1.json file2.parquet file3.csv
```
